Add EMV Token by expanding card method (#107)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: source/index.html.md

    Card Security Code.
    <div class="type">Optional when partner is trusted</div>
  </dd>
  <dt>card[tav]
    <span class="type">[:base64:]{19,21}</span>
  </dt>
  <dd>
    Token Authentication Value
    <div class="type">Must only be set on token payments</div>
  </dd>
  <dt>card[token_payment_method_indication]
    <span class="type">[\x20-\x7E]{7,15}
    <a target="_blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII#ASCII_printable_characters">
      ASCII printable characters
     </a>
    </span>
  </dt>
  <dd>

>     Indicate which token payment method used. Either: <code>applepay</code>, <code>samsungpay</code>, <code>mobilepayonline</code>
>     <div class="type">Can only be set on token payments</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicate token payment method used. We currently support: <code>applepay</code>, <code>samsungpay</code>, <code>mobilepayonline</code>
    <div class="type">Must only be set on token payments</div>
```

To be similar to line 573.

Author: The must vs. can was deliberate. If `token_payment_method_indication` is unknown, it may be left out. A `tav` may never be left out.
And know, come to think of it, on subsequent recurring, we are missing a `tav`. But then again, should subsequent recurring just be completed as a regular card payment?

Author: I am adding a note in https://github.com/clearhaus/issues-pci/issues/1604

Reviewer: "Must" doesn't imply that the parameter must always be included. It only implies that it must not be included for non-token payments. But I can live with "can" :slightly_smiling_face:

  <br />
  <b>Notice:</b> An authorization that includes <code>card[pares]</code> and/or
  <code>card[csc]</code> cannot be a subsequent recurring authorization.
  <br />

>   <b>Notice:</b> If the payment was made through a token based payment method, the token authentication value must be included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <b>Notice:</b> If the payment was made through a token based payment method, the token authentication value (<code>card[tav]</code>) must be included
```

Or just something similar :slightly_smiling_face:

  <br />
  <b>Notice:</b> The <code>token_payment_method_indication</code> is used for

>   payment method categorization which influences how the transactions is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  payment method categorization which influences how the transactions are
```
